basically this is Mira thanks for your
very own I experiment number three in in
Greenland we're at the airport waiting
for a plane or you tell us we're about
to make no yeah we're gonna make snow
yeah this is alchemy baby when it comes
nicollet Brown who comes bring on the
wizard right this time Chuck it that way
mate don't let me do a close-up of the
disapprove like Tim this time when you
out okay that's boiling water yeah it's
and gentlemen boiling water now this
time Tim when I do it follow the water
yeah yeah we'll scare it that way they
because the steam will go that way not
yet know you know you okay ready steady
ready steady
that's amazing unbelievable hahaha